Query: photosynthesis
Suggestions: c3 photosynthesis assimilation photosynthetic transpiration photosynthetic capacity photosynthetic efficiency photorespiratory c4 photosynthetic carbon assimilation rubisco c4 plants co2 assimilation assimilation c4 photosynthesis photorespiration photosynthetic 
Edges:
AT2G15820 has_phenotype Homozygous otp51-2 mutants can only survive in sucrose-supplemented in vitro cultures under low light conditions. The small developmentally delayed mutants are pale yellow under normal light conditions. otp51-2 mutants fail to splice intron 2 of the the ycf3 transcript encoded in the chloroplast genome. Because YCF3 is required for the proper assembly of photosystem I (PSI), These mutants have multiple defects related to photosynthesis. They have lower levels of total protein, thylakoid membrane protein, and chlorophyll than wild-type plants when both are grown hydroponically. Chlorophyll a/b ratios are elevated in otp51-2 mutants, several PSI and PSII proteins cannot be detected, chlorophyll fluorescence patterns are altered, and the quantum efficiency of PSII is reduced. otp51-2 mutants also have elevated levels of unspliced products from the trnK, trnL, trnV, trnG, clpP, trnI, trnA, and atpF genes.
AT4G35490 has_phenotype Impairment of mitochondrial gene expression without affecting photosynthesis.
AT1G73360 has_phenotype edt1 mutant plants show enhanced drought tolerance due to overexpression of the HDG11 protein. edt1 mutants have a longer primary root with more lateral roots, and have a higher root biomass. They have larger epidermal cells and larger stomata, but a lower stomatal density. Nevertheless, they have higher levels of photosynthesis than WT seedlings. Mutant seedlings accumulate higher levels of ABA following PEG treatment, and show constitutively higher levels of Pro. Superoxide dismutase activity is also higher in edt1 mutants. Overexpression of HDG11 in tobacco also causes improved drought tolerance.
AT4G22890 has_phenotype Slower growth rate, pale green leaves. Impaired in photosynthesis (cyclic electron flow).
AT4G11960 has_phenotype Slower growth rate, pale green leaves. Impaired in photosynthesis (cyclic electron flow).
AT5G63310 has_phenotype Overaccumulates H2O2 by a different mechanism not dependent on photosynthesis.
AT1G09330 has_phenotype Smaller and paler than wild-type plants.  Reduction in both chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b.  Impaired photosynthesis.
AT1G09340 has_phenotype Smaller and paler than wild-type plants.  Reduction in both chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b.  Impaired photosynthesis.
AT3G19570 has_phenotype The sco3-1 mutation alters chloroplast morphology and development, reduces chlorophyll accumulation, impairs thylakoid formation and photosynthesis in seedlings, and results in photoinhibition under extreme CO(2) concentrations in mature leaves.
AT1G65260 has_phenotype deficient in photosynthesis, thylakoid membrane system degraded.
AT4G02510 has_phenotype Albino mutant defective in proteins involved in photosynthesis. In light-grown seedlings no  chorophyll could be detected. After transferring seedlings to the dark and adding ALA, the level of Pchlide reached 30% of that found in wildtype. Mutans lack atTOC159, leading to peturbance of plastis protein import in mesophyll cells but not in guard cells. Mutansts do not survive beyond seedling stage.

Query: lignin
Suggestions: delignification kraft lignin enzymatic hydrolysis lignin cellulose xylans lignocellulose cellulose hemicellulose lignin lignin saccharification lignins cellulose lignin hemicellulose lignin xylan hemicelluloses hemicellulose 
Edges:
AT5G54380 has_phenotype In the double mutant, the amount of ectopic lignin was reduced in hypocotyls and entirely absent in the root.
AT5G64740 has_phenotype In the double mutant, the amount of ectopic lignin was reduced in hypocotyls and entirely absent in the root.
AT3G21560 has_phenotype Levels of sinapoylmalate were reduced to 60-70% of those in wild-type leaves and the mutations had a similar impact on seed sinapoylcholine and sinapoylglucose content. The quantity and quality of lignin in mutant plants were unchanged relative to wild type.
AT2G40890 has_phenotype Reduced fluorescent phenylpropanoid secondary metabolites, reduced lignin, collapsed vessel elements, dwarf
AT2G30490 has_phenotype accumulate decreased levels of several different classes of phenylpropanoid end-products and exhibit reduced lignin deposition and altered lignin monomer content; accumulate a novel hydroxycinnamic ester, cinnamoylmalate, which is not found in the wild type; pleiotropic phenotypes includ dwarfism, male sterility, and the development of swellings at branch junctions.
AT4G36220 has_phenotype altered phenylpropanoid metabolism; reduced sinapoyl malate, syringyl lignin and sinpoyl choline, probably due to lack of conversion of ferulate to 5-hydroxyferulate; may be sensitive to UV-B radiation.
AT5G66870 has_phenotype Flowers and siliques bend downwards and pedicels are reduced in length.  The inflorescence is more compact with respect to wild type due to a reduction in internode length.  Overall plant height is approximately half that of a wild type Ws-3 plant. Change in lignin deposition in the mutant.  Deposition begins much earlier in the mutant and an irregular pattern of lignin accumulation results in gaps in the lignin ring.

